src/pages/contact.en.md, before:

---
template: "default"
---

## Contact

Do you want to join the community and use OpenZaak?

### Representatives of the OpenZaak core group

Niels Lindeboom  
Director Municipal Collaboration  
Dimpact  
[niels.lindeboom@dimpact.nl](mailto:niels.lindeboom@dimpact.nl)

### Representatives from participating municipalities
Lazo Bozarov  
Senior Supply Manager Digital Service  
Municipality of Utrecht  
[l.bozarov@utrecht.nl](mailto:l.bozarov@utrecht.nl)

### Representatives of OpenZaak vendors
Joeri Bekker  
Founder Maykin Media BV  
[joeri.bekker@maykinmedia.nl](mailto:joeri.bekker@maykinmedia.nl)

Tahir Malik  
Technical Director  
Contezza  
[tahir@contezza.nl](mailto:tahir@contezza.nl)

### Representative of VNG Realisatie (Dutch Association of Municipalities)
Hugo ter Doest  
Product owner APIs for business-oriented work, VNG Realisatie  
[hugo.terdoest@dimpact.nl](mailto:hugo.terdoest@dimpact.nl)

### Get in touch with The OpenZaak Community

Would you like to discuss and participate in decisions about the further development of OpenZaak? Suscribe to the [OpenZaak mailinglist](https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/openzaak-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/).

Commit message:

add information about product and technical steering to website

src/pages/contact.en.md, after:

---
template: "default"
---

## Contact

Do you want to join the community and use OpenZaak?

### Representatives of the OpenZaak core group

Niels Lindeboom  
Director Municipal Collaboration  
Dimpact  
[niels.lindeboom@dimpact.nl](mailto:niels.lindeboom@dimpact.nl)

### Representatives from participating municipalities
Lazo Bozarov  
Senior Supply Manager Digital Service  
Municipality of Utrecht  
[l.bozarov@utrecht.nl](mailto:l.bozarov@utrecht.nl)

### Representatives of OpenZaak vendors
Joeri Bekker  
Founder Maykin Media BV  
[joeri.bekker@maykinmedia.nl](mailto:joeri.bekker@maykinmedia.nl)

Tahir Malik  
Technical Director  
Contezza  
[tahir@contezza.nl](mailto:tahir@contezza.nl)

### Representative of VNG Realisatie (Dutch Association of Municipalities)
Hugo ter Doest  
Product owner APIs for business-oriented work, VNG Realisatie  
[hugo.terdoest@dimpact.nl](mailto:hugo.terdoest@dimpact.nl)

## Get in touch with The OpenZaak Community

Would you like to discuss and participate in decisions about the further development of OpenZaak? Suscribe to the [OpenZaak mailinglist](https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/openzaak-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/).

### Monthly Technical Steering call

Every month contributing developer members of our community conduct a technical steering meeting to discuss technical issues or new technical developments. You are welcome to join this meeting by sending a request to openzaak-discuss@lists.publiccode.net. Make sure you first [join the OpenZaak mailinglist](https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/openzaak-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/) prior to sending a message.

### Monthly Product Steering call

Every month contributing members of our community conduct a product steering meeting to discuss new features or user issues.  You are welcome to join this meeting by sending a request to openzaak-discuss@lists.publiccode.net. Make sure you first [join the OpenZaak mailinglist](https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/openzaak-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/) prior to sending a message.
